Downloaded from
YTS.MX
Official YIFY movies site:
wanna have fun. girl
- What's up with you baby?
- Ain't doing too much. chilling. man.
- You know. I'm about
holla at Vaughn later on
try to make this move. that's all.
- You got so much man. Lord!
- Hey. not my business.
Man. I just got this
clothing line cracking. man.
You know. G24. been doing
it for a minute. man
but job been kind of
giving it to me lately.
People don't buy nothing.
- After I make this move.
you know what I'm saying?
Maybe I can throw something your way. man.
We can make this big. big.
- I might need you man.
'Cause like I said. you see the quality.
stuff nice. women like it.
you know what I'm saying?
I mean. just be careful. man.
You be careful with that man.
- I got you man. but this shit nice.
- Yeah. they got pants and stuff go to it.
I said I was gonna do it
quality this time. man.
- You know what?
Let me go ahead and cop
in for you for my shorty.
- All right. I done
won't no problems. man.
She go out and give it
to dudes be hollering.
be mad at me.
- Whatever man. I ain't
worried about that.
That's the last thing I'm
fucking worried about.
- My man. my man.
What the...
Who is that man?
Something gleaming off
righteous. god damn!
- I don't man. get it bruh.
- How you doing. hello how you doing?
Can I have a word with
you for a second. please?
You got a pretty smile.
What's your name?
- I'm Jazz. what's your name?
- I'm Rollo. and I just met dude.
Nah. this my man.
- How you doing sweetheart?
- What's going on?
- What y'all do?
- Well. I sell clothes.
I have a clothing line
I'm starting .
I mean. working out it'll be perfect
if I can get your number and
maybe we can talk about it.
over some drinks or something.
If it's possible.
I know we kind of new.
we sitting about making
moves. we making money moves.
- That's it. that's all baby.
- I just wanna get your number.
- I like money moves.
- Well. I would love to take
your number if it's possible.
- It's a fee to take my number.
Well-
- Goddamn. what she need?
It is what it is.
Let's not talk here in the parking lot.
- Handle that baby.
- 202-
- 420-
- 420.
I don't wanna miss no numbers.
- 78-
- 01-
- Jazz-
- Jazz. with a dollar sign.
Okay. I got that.
I'm gonna call you.
It's locked in.
- So just text me so
I can have your number
and then we can just-
- Okay-
- Rollo right?
- Yeah. Rollo.
Okay. you be safe out here. all right.
- Goddamn!
- Ooh wee!
I can see her with some G2 on or off.
- Off preferably!
- Off!
Man. look here man. life is good.
I ain't got no complaints.
Just be safe out here.
- I am. I am.
- I appreciate you man-
- You got this.
- Thank you.
- But back to Jazz with the triple high.
God!
Mm. mm. mm. I might have
to dust all my blue pills.
- That's good right there. call this kid.
Hey what's good.
what's up with you bro?
- Hey man. what's happening. man?
Look. you busy right now?
'Cause I got something I need
to talk to you about. a
proposition for you. bro.
What's up though?
- Man. just pull up come through.
I can talk to you then.
All right. give
me like 30. 45 minutes.
I'll be through.
- All right. cool bet.
See you later.
-  Bet.
- Whew. get this money. man.
Who is that?
Hey. what's up babe. how you feeling man?
- You got me standing out here. man!
- Oh man. come on man.
I live in a nice quiet neighborhood.
You good.
Come on man. let's chop
it up over at the table.
Man. what's good with you bro?
How you been?
- Ain't nothing. man.
Man out the way man.
- Tell me about it.
How's everything going on your end?
- Man. it's been kind of tight. man.
But I appreciate you
looking out for me man.
- Come on.
- I ain't know who to
turn to. in a drought.
you know what I'm saying?
- We folks. bro.
You know what I'm saying. we folks.
- Feel bad coming. man.
You know. asking for a favor.
- Man. don't even worry about it man.
There you go. man look.
- I appreciate you man.
You like family. man.
You know I got you.
- I know you got me man.
'Cause like right now.
what I'm about to do
is man I'm about to holler at Von. man
and see if I can make this move.
this big move right quick man.
'Cause I'm trying to
like get some real shit
for real for real.
- Man. you messing with Von's now?
- Man. he know the connect dog.
- Von!
- Yeah. what you know something. man?
He been straight with me.
- Man. that's like from
what I understand. man
the cruddiest of crud. man.
- Oh man.
- I'm just saying man be careful. man.
That's just me.
- I got you though. man.
- I know the joker. but I don't-
- That's cool. man good
looking I appreciate that.
Let me go see who that is.
I think that might be him.
What's up fool.
Chilling man. how you feel?
Everything good. man.
Have a seat man.
- All right.
- Hey. what's going on. man!
- You all right?
- What you up too?
- Staying out of the way. man.
- Look here I'm gone.
Look here. you remember what I told you?
- I know. I got you man.
Yeah. I know be safe. man.
Yeah. all right?
- I'll see you later.
All right.
- Fuck you got your life
savings on the table for?
- Man go ahead fool. this ain't nothing.
This some small shit right now.
- Shit. at least I know you trust me. man.
What's up though?
- Look man. I need you
to holler at Tye for me.
'cause I know he fuck with you.
And I'm trying to make some shit happen?
- What I get out of it?
- So look here this right
here is enough for two joints.
Since he fuck with you. I know
he going to throw you two.
You bring me back the
three. you flip the one.
then we go back and holler at him again.
- Why you ain't holler at Shay.
she all the way locked in with the nigga?
- Man. I don't need that
bitch in my business.
Plus. I don't know him like that.
So that's why I'm coming to you for it.
- All right. so you want
me to grab two joints.
tell him to throw me two. then one mine.
- Bet.
- I'm with that. now when
you trying to make it happen?
- Man tonight.
- Tonight.
- You know I gotta hit
him and all that shit-
- All right. man hit him up. shit.
- You got a bag to put that shit in?
- Man. I got bags for you man.
Let me go get that.
- All right. cool.
- All right. man.
- He just hit me. said to
meet him in an hour and shit.
- All right. cool man. that work.
All right. so look here.
you go ahead and take this
joint right here. man.
Text me when you ready.
and hit the back door.
You know what I'm saying?
I'll be waiting on you. all right?
- So shit. you said this 80. right?
- It's. 80 man.
You know I ain't going to
play you. do you like that.
- All right. it's cool man.
- All right man. hit me.
- Bet.
- What you 'bout to do
when we leave from here?
- Bout to go in the house
and get some beauty rest.
take it easy.
- Yeah. you don't need much
of that. already beautiful.
- Thank you.
- You welcome.
- You don't look too bad yourself.
I like your hair.
- Oh yeah.
See little ass being nosey. I
told you mind your business.
- Fuck!
Should've just mind his business!
- I'm a get that bitch.
she thought shit was sweet.
No. she got me all the way fucked up!
I can't wait to I find her.
page hating niggas
- I need this nigga. right now.
they know we ain't friends
- Shit. that's your man?
Who this right here?
- That's that nigga. Von.
- Oh yeah?
- Yeah.
He always on some wild shit.
Make sure you keep an eye on this nigga.
- Oh wow. okay.
- Got your joint on you?
- You know I keep the joint on me.
Shit. you got yours?
- Hell yeah.
- All ready.
Let's see what's so with
this wild ass nigga. though.
- Shit. nigga Big A said
you got two weeks. man.
- Oh yeah.
- If I was man you. I wouldn't be late.
- Yeah. all right.
- You good?
- Yeah. we good.
I'm shooting the ceelo
- Man. I know I told that fool
to text me for he came over.
Fuck!
- What's good. what's happening. man?
I thought I told you to hit me?
- Shit. I did.
- Man. yeah right whatever.
- Hey shorty. I gotta run in
and holla at my man real quick.
but take a few shots.
and we'll see it do what it do. huh?
- Real quick. huh?
- I mean. that's the plan. but...
- So. what's your budget?
- I mean. I got some short shit.
but I mean that ain't the point.
The point is let's go in. enjoy ourself.
and see what the night comes.
Why everything about money all the time?
I like you.
You got a pretty complexion.
You smell good.
That'll take all the
fun out of it. you know?
- Well. let's put your
money where your mouth at.
and then we can just have
fun a fun night. okay?
- That's why I like you. man.
It's all business.
So. let's go on in here.
and have a few shots
and we can talk from there.
- Sounds good. come on.
- Oh my God!
What the fuck!
- Oh my gosh. is he drunk?
- He dead. this my man too. slim.
Fuck. call 911 or something?
- I ain't with that hot shit.
Pussy.
- Hello.
- Lady I need your help ASAP.
- Are you okay?
- No. I'm not!
Can you pull up on me?
- Hold on. hold on.
You gotta go
Okay. say less.
- All right. thank you.
You gonna kick me out like that
Yeah. follow me on the gram.
- On the gram?
- Yes. follow me @dollydearest.
Send me a DM.
- DM though?
- Yeah DM. I'ma see you boo.
- Damn. that's messed up.
- Hello. what's up Sam?
Shit. you around?
I'm 'bout to pull up.
- Fuck!
Aint no sheets and funnel in
here. gotta go to the gas station
shit nigga I don't know
winter playing with the snow
a kid in the candy store
like eni. mini. mighty. moe
12 A's in the field
- Man. my man.
- Yo!
- What's up with you.
- Cooling man.
- Oh yeah?
- Yeah man.
- Talk to me.
- I know I can handle it. man.
I've been trying to
move to the next level.
Shay keep spoonfeeding me. man.
It's time for me to move up.
- I hear you talking man.
but you know I ain't
trying to start no friction
between you and Shay.
- Won't be no friction. man.
I owe here a couple of dollars.
I'm going to call her. pay that shit off.
and I'm going to get back at you.
- All right. bet.
That'll give me some time to see
if it's in my best interest
to give you a shot. feel me?
- You won't be disappointed.
- My man.
- All right. you be safe.
- You too.
- Bet.
- Hey girl.
I'm out front. okay.
So what's going on?
Why you out here looking like
the Grim Reaper and shit?
- Can you take me to the gas station?
I need to smoke bad.
- I know you ain't stop my 68 session
because your lungs is bleeding.
- 68 session.
- 69 and I owe you one.
I met this thirsty ass
nigga at the liquor store.
- When today?
- Yes pooh.
I was there at the liquor store
to get my usual pint of 1800.
- Damn. who the fuck is that?
- Meet this dude talking about you deserve
the finer things in life.
He buy me the bottle of 1942.
Next thing you know we in the car.
My legs is wrapped around his neck.
He's going in and then you call me.
So what's up?
- Damn. you over here
thotting at the liquor store?
- So. ain't nothing wrong
with a little bit of neck.
You hear me?
- No. but for real though.
We need to hit this j.
I need to clear my mind.
- I got this 1942 right here.
- It ain't open?
He ate it on site. sober sis?
- Yes. let's pop this
bottle. we 'bout to roll up.
- Facts.
- What's good. fool.
-  Good fool.
- Man. ain't shit bro.
- I see you all in the cut and shit.
You lucky I ain't one of
these scary ass niggas. man.
You all calling me from the car and shit.
- You wanna pull over
though. holler at you.
- Shit. that's a bet. fool.
- Bet.
- What's good fool?
- Shit. what's up with you my nigga?
- Ain't too much man.
But shit. had to switch
it up 'cause of the Rona.
- Yeah. Rona got you playing the cut. huh?
- All ready man. shit trying
to grab some wings though?
- Your hungry ass. man hell yeah.
'Cause I gotta holla at you
about some real shit anyway.
For sure.
- Shit. what's good fool?
You know I got that on me.
- Shit. I'm hip to you.
Nah. I'm tight like the '96 Bulls.
But what I do need you to do is watch
that little nigga Trey and
that bitch Shay for me.
- Shit. what they owe up?
- Nah. it ain't even that.
It's the nigga Trey I'm
worried about more than Shay.
See. I'm about to put this
little nigga in position.
and I don't need him out here purping
like he no motherfucking
kingpin. you feel me?
- Yeah man.
You put Trey in position.
I told you. he a young Bama though.
- Yeah. hell yeah.
- Shay is Shay though.
- I ain't seen the little Derk. man.
Little nigga used to hit me up
play Chess every now and again.
You heard from him?
- Shit. I ain't hear from fool either.
Matter of fact. don't
always be over Shay joint?
- Yeah.
- Shit. and she ain't say nothing.
When I spoke to her earlier.
I don't know what's up
with that nigga. man.
He might be on motherfucking moves. man.
You feel me?
- Shit. fuck all that. man.
A nigga hungry than a motherfucker.
We still gonna hit this carry out or what?
- Hell yeah. as long as you treating.
- Shit. treating I got the
food. you got the bottle?
- What bottle?
- Man. you already know.
we going to get that 1942.
- Hell yeah.
- Let's ride. man.
- Can I get some sheets and funnel?
Thank you.
- Girl!
pillow and just relax
Hey baby.
How was your day.
Dayum girl
I shoulda asked you that first huh?
- It's all good. appreciate that though.
I was just out making my rounds.
securing the bag. that's all.
- So. did you run into our friend?
- Man who is our friend though?
- You know. the one that's in our spot.
The know who time is running up?
You know. our friend who's
going to pass the torch
whether he likes it or not.
- Yeah. I saw him.
- So. do we have a problem?
If so. why?
- Yeah. no we good.
He got me on this other move. man.
He got me watching his cash cows.
I'm thinking we can make a
play on them too. though.
- Fuck you love this nigga or something?
- What the fuck?
- He is the cash cow.
It seem like you emotionally attached
to the nigga or something.
You know what. I'm a do it myself.
Fuck he want?
Oh yeah he might got that bread he owe me
I need that asap
- What's up. I missed your call.
- Shay. where you at?
I need to see you ASAP.
- I'm around.
- Shit. I got a couple dollars for you.
Trying to slide though?
- You early though.
I wasn't expecting your
call until the weekend.
You must've called a 1-800
hustling or something.
- You got jokes. but shit
niggas jamming like shit
trying to pay this debt off.
- You need another one?
- No. I'm good right now.
- All right. give me like 20-30 minutes.
You around the way?
- Yeah. I'll be around.
- All right.
- Hello. hey big head. you miss me?
You if the price is right?
Alright. I'm gonna hit you when I get in.
Make sure you bring Papa Smurf with you.
- First of all who is big head?
- Big head is one of my hood joints.
who be dropping a bag
on me after a session.
- What about Poppa Smurf?
- Those them Blue faces sis.
- You on some kinky shit!
- Okay. so what's going on with you?
You got some boy troubles.
You get you a pinky ass
nigga. or something?
- Something like that. but don't even
start doing too much okay?
- Okay.
- I got body in my trunk.
- What. you got a whole body
in the trunk of the Camaro?
How the fuck did it get
there and who is it?
- Derk. but let me tell you what happened.
- Derk-
- Let me tell you what happened.
I went to go talk to Shay. right?
And she had all of this
money on the counter.
She was putting money
in the money counter.
She had vic written all over her face.
so I had to get her ass.
- So. why did you rob your plug?
One. that was stupid.
And. why is she not in
the back of the trunk?
And do you know she was just
at the gas station in back of us?
- What?
- You lucky she didn't even see your ass.
- Why you didn't say nothing?
- How am I supposed to
know you got a whole nigga
in the back of the trunk.
and this is this nigga?
- Man. we gotta bury this nigga.
- I got you sis. what's up?
- Where at?
- Rock Creek Park.
- All right. let's go!
But you ain't understand
why the shit up though!
But this what I'm
hipping you to right now.
It's a drought. niggas is
fucked up. so that's why-
- Damn girl. you got the truck smelling
like Vicky Secret and shit.
- I can't be riding around
smelling like pack all day.
Shit. you smell good. what you got on?
- Shit. this my personal cologne
I call it getting money.
- Funny. what you got for me?
- Damn. strictly business huh?
I got what I owe you brown bag gang
- Cool. you sure you
straight for right now?
I got another half
gotta go get it. though?
Nah. I'm good.
- You ain't switching up on me are you?
- Never that. it's time for
me to move to the next level.
- I told you come up
with 50. we can go half.
I'm ready wherever you are.
- I'll let you know
when I'm ready for that.
- You stop tricking. you'd be ready now.
- Hey. but I'll call
you in a couple of days.
- All right boy. whenever you ready.
- All right. you ready?
- Come on girl.
He heavy. come on.
Hurry up before this nigga
start stinking and shit.
- Damn shorty. what you wanna do?
Why you gotta take a
nigga through all this?
- Fuck you mean?
Boy you playing where my
$220 you was talking about.
I met this bad
ass joint yesterday.
I'll send you a picture and everything.
She bad then a mother fucker.
She be uptown man.
- Damn. he cute as shit.
You should've let me get him.
I would've put 'em to sleep for you.
- I know you not deadass
fantasizing about a dead nigga.
This nigga had been
eating shit to be skinny.
- I'm just saying. you know
I like dark skinned niggas.
and he skinny as shit too.
He is heavy. but shit.
Girl. where your shovel at?
- I ain't got no shovel.
- So. ain't we gonna bury him
like the gangster movies or something?
- No. we gonna leave his ass right here.
- You know. the joggers is going to find
his ass in the morning.
- Ain't nobody worried
about no joggers sis.
I'm going on vacation anyway.
- Where you going?
- I don't know. but we need to
get the fuck away from here.
- Come on!
- I don't think you understand.
This shit ain't just happen.
I don't think you understand.
'cause I gotta find Shay too.
'cause I know she got
people looking for me.
and I know she looking for me.
- Well let me do it. get Shay.
- What?
- I can do it. it'll be like Rico.
Yeah. it's like 14 bricks right there.
- If they can see us.
don't be pillow talking.
You know how you get
when you get dickmatized.
- Don't play with me.
Niggas get shot everyday. sis.
Is that that bitch right their? FUCK!
Hold up let me go back
around see this shit again
go round. yeah it do
respect and the power
wouldn't starve in these streets
but I been knew how to eat
killers. real drug dealers
- Hello?
I know this fuck nigga aint hang up
What the fuck
go 'round. yeah it do
respect and the power
Yeah this nigga playing
used to sell them O's
go 'round. yeah it do
We are the hurricane.
We came through. we fuck shit up.
and we leave just like the hurricane.
Can't live with them
- Jazz. you still here?
- Yeah.
Well. I gotta
make a run real quick.
so you gotta get dressed.
- What you bout to do?
I got some business
to take care of real quick.
and I don't know how
long I'm gonna be though.
- Cool. say less. I'm out.
Pre game shit-
Okay. yeah.
Pre game shit.
we'll be back later though.
see what's really happening.
Hey let me see that joint
one more time though
- Don't fucking touch me.
Always lunchin
Nah!
Bye!
- Y'all starting early out here tonight.
Y'all pregame for real.
- 220. girl I said two 20s.
- Two 20s?
- Yeah.
- You got me all the way fucked up.
- What you mean?
- Matter of fact. give me two 20s.
- What the fuck!
- I don't know who the fuck.
Nigga get out.
That's why they looking for your ass now!
- Are you serious?
- Bye. nah.
- That's cold. what the fuck bro.
That's fucked up!
- And don't slam my door.
- What's good my dude!
- How are you. man?
- What's going on?
- What's good with you though?
- I need you to handle some shit.
- You already know. say the word.
What's good?
- First. I'm a need to drop
this package off to Tre.
Need you to slide uptown and
give that nigga Von a pillow.
- That nigga Von. huh?
I just bought this
motherfucker .
He gonna be the first
motherfucker to get it.
- Yeah man. you want a drink or something?
- Yeah. pour a shot of that.
- A shot. you know what I'm saying?
- You wanna sit down?
Na you know I'm 10 toes down
- Von MIA.
- Oh yeah?
- I'm a keep it that way. you feel me?
- Say less.
That's 10 stacks.
take care of that. man.
That's a Bet man.
- Find this nigga.
Say less. I can't wait to find this nigga.
- Shit. we gonna get up.
- All right-
- Hit me soon-
- I'm ready. bro.
- Fuck!
I'm a kill that bitch!
Up here.
We good?
- Yeah. shit hold up.
Tye giving you a shot.
so don't fuck it up!
He gave you some specific instructions.
I suggest you follow 'em to a T.
If not. you won't see it coming.
It's the only warning I give.
I only give one.
Shit. you seen Von?
Na
I know that's your man. is you sure?
- No man. I ain't seen him.
- Yo.
What's going on with you.
- What's good?
Shit. Kash asked about you
like he looking for you.
- Oh yeah. where at?
Shit. down H Street.
- Bet.
-  Bet.
- Yeah. that's what's up.
Yeah. hey T.
Let's ride right quick.
- Tye got niggas looking for me and shit.
Pull off man.
- Hey listen. we gonna
make this shit happen. man!
- Goddamn girl. look at you with that 42.
Where my cup at?
- You want me to make you one boo?
Uh. uh. uh.
Hold on little thot.
You gotta wait 'til I
come back with your cup.
- Hurry up girl. I got
some things to do to you.
- So how are you doing?
I've been running around.
couldn't wait to see you.
- Oh you so sweet baby.
I had a good day today.
I'm about to be in position real shit.
- Shit. you about to
not have no competition.
- What you mean?
- You ain't hear what happened to Shay.
- No. what happened?
- We going to talk about it after.
Moves. we on the clock
I know she committed
- There he go.
- Listen slim. next
time you see this nigga.
you better dog this nigga.
Man. I'm telling you this shit going on.
Man deal with this shit!
- Man. fuck all them niggas.
And that bitch for real.
- Just deal with it. man.
That's what it is. man. simple as that.
That nigga work!
- The streets say you looking for me.
- Hell yeah. I was looking for you man.
- What's good?
- Shid I was sent to collect.
- Oh. you a flunky.
A deoderant man.
Oh step and fetch ass nigga!
- Man look here. man.
You owe up. Time to pay up.
- Man. nigga fuck you and Tye.
- You gonna pay up.
whether you like it or not.
- Like I said fuck you and Tye-
- Oh yeah. that's how you're going?
- That's what I said.
- You just gonna let him walk off. nigga?
Dog 'em nigga. dog 'em!
- What the fuck!
- Ah. damn!
FUCK! What the fuck happened?
The nigga Von set me up slim.
- Yeah. I've been shot. 7th
Street. northeast. across
the street from CVS hurry up.
ICU!